# ARMORED TOOLKIT CHANGELOG

## v0.4.0
*27/Apr/2022*

### Added
- Operators **Select Ngons/Triangles/Non-Quads**: all individual operators, which will select the specified polygons and open an error window if any are found (error window helps when selected polygons are too small or just hard to see).1
- Operator **Circularize**: extracted (copy pasted) the **Make Circle** operator from the LoopTools addon (only thing I used from it).
- Operator **Delete Mirrored**: deletes unnecessary geometry that's already being generated by the mirror modifier.
- Operator **Symmetrize**: similar to Blender's but it symmetrizes all the geometry regardless of your selection.
- Operator **Smart Delete**: deletes components based on your selection mode (vertex, edge, face) without aditional menus.
- Operator **Flatten**: flattens your selection to the nearest axis or the active face.

### Changed
- Operator **Single Subdivision Level** was split and renamed to **Increase SubD mod level** and **Decrease SubD mod level** and drawn menus were removed since the operators can be searched and hotkeyed individually now..
- Operators **Increase SubD mod level** and **Decrease SubD mod level**: no longer affect render levels or generate undo history (no more Redo panel).
- Operator **Subdivision Set**: no longer generates Undo history (no more Redo panel).
- Operator **Lattice**: added the option of clearning all mesh transforms before applying the lattice.
- Operator **Vitaly Poke**: added an extra option *Deselect Corners* which allows deselecting only the corner triangles instead of all triangles.
- Operator Shortcuts keymaps:
    + &plus; [CTRL][ALT][X] to **Symmetrize** in X.
    + &plus; [CTRL][ALT][F] to **Flatten** Selection.
    - &minus; [CTRL][ALT] [X]/[Y]/[Z] to set vertex positions to world center X, Y and Z (wasn't using them).

### Fixed
- Operator **Autosmooth**: now works without toggling between object and edit mode under the hood (should be faster when the selected objects have slow modifiers).
- Operator **Lattice**: now works even if the mesh origin is offset (positioned at bounding box center by default).
- Operator **Focus**: removed a leftover debug print.
- Operator **Single Subdivision Level**: raised an exception when the active object was not part of the selection.
- Operator **Open Most Recent**: now removes the file from the recent files list if it doesn't exist (SOMETIMES?!).


## v0.3.4
*11/Apr/2022*

### Added
- Operator **Toggle Overlays**: Toggles the visibility of Overlays AND Gizmos. 
- Keymap Override **Transform with Gizmos**: Pressing [G][S] or [R] activates the Gizmo version of the Move, Scale and Rotate Tools'
- Some extra primitives have been replaced with modals so you can adjust their segments (when applicable) with the scroll wheel.
- New Lambert like matcap from NVil but it's a little harsh sometimes.

### Changed
- Operator **Isolate Cycle** was renamed to **Compare**.

### Fixed
- Operator **Focus** now works with more than one object in Edit mode.
- Operator **Compare** now works with collections inside other collections.
- Operator **Switch Color Modes** sometimes threw an error when searched from a window that was not part of the `VIEW3D` area.
- Loopcut Keymap Exception: "... has no attribute `release_confirm`".

### Removed
- Some deprecated operators that were not even visible to users from within blender anymore (**Select Through** was among them); if I ever want that operator back I need to put more thought into it (hard-coded keymaps were a bad idea).


## v0.3.3
*25/Mar/2022*

### Added
- Operator **Switch Color Modes**: Switches back and forth between two viewport color modes (Vertex color and Object color by default).

### Changed
- ZBrush Sculpting keymaps: Vertex Paint Mode now shares hotkeys with Sculpt mode, such as changing brush size with [S] with `release_confirm` enabled, isolating with [TAB] and focusing with [F].
    + &plus; [V] to Switch Color Modes.
    + &plus; [ALT][V] to Toggle Silhouette mode.
- Operator Shortcuts keymaps:
    + &plus; [V] to Switch Color Modes.


## v0.3.2
*(20/Mar/2022)*

### Added
- **PDF Keymap List** in the Addon Preferences

### Changed
- Transform with Gizmos keymaps:
    + &plus; [G] to activate the Move Tool (this override used to only work for the Scale and Rotate tools but now affects all three).
- Operator Shortcuts keymaps:
    - &minus; [CTRL][R] to rest on ground in Edit Mode.
    - &minus; [ALT][SHIFT][DOUBLE_LMB] to select linked toggle (it conflicted with Blender's loop selection or something.)

### Removed
- Video link buttons for the **Keymap Overrides** --at least until I have actual videos I can link to.


## v0.3.1
*(11/Mar/2022)*

### Changed
- Operator **Focus** now has a dedicated operator for Edit Mode, which fixes some keymap priority issues with binding to [F].
- Sculpting Setup keymap override is renamed to ZBrush Sculpting an is focused on emulating my ZBrush hotkeys). Added some extra keymaps to achieve this (navigation not included):
    + &plus; [S] to change brush size.
    + &plus; [SHIFT][S] to change brush intensity.
    + &plus; [Q] to switch active object (subtool).
    + &plus; Double [Q] to switch active object and then frame it.
    + &plus; [SHIFT][F] to toggle wireframe.
    + &plus; [TAB] enters local view instead of switching to edit mode.


## v0.3.0
*(10/Mar/2022)*

### Added
- Operator **Remesh** (Sculpt Mode): Same as regular voxel remesh but with vertex color preservation.
- [CTRL][R] keymap for the new remesh operator.
- Operator **Isolate Cycle** (Outliner): based on your outliner selections, isolate 1 object and cycle to the next/previous one using the SCROll wheel. Also works with entire collections.
- Operator **Scale Unmasked (Sculpt Mode)** is a macro than sets pivot to unmasked (while in sculpt mode) and activates the default modal resize operator.
- Operator **Node Stats** (Geometry Nodes Workspace): prints node information: name, type, inputs, outputs, etc.

### Changed
- **Armored Focus** now used in sculpt mode too. While hovering the mesh, runs `view3d.view_center_pick`; while hovering empty canvas space, runs `view3d.view_all`, 
- Operator Shortcuts keymaps:
    + &plus; Local view (isolate) keymaps now have `frame_selected` set to False.
- Sculpting Setup keymaps:
    + &plus; [S] to scale.
    + &plus; [F] to focus).
    + &plus; Brush scale and Brush intensity now have `release_confirm` enabled.
    + &plus; Probably other stuff.
    - &minus; [D] to switch objects.
    - &minus; [*] trivial stuff I never used.
- **Toggle Cavity** now reports the current cavity mode when toggled on.
- Fixed some descriptions and class names.
- **Open Most Recent** [SHIFT][ALT][R] works in more windows and not just the 3DVIEW.
- `handler.load_post.remove(...)` was commented out from `system.unregister` for so reason. It's now enabled again.

### Removed
- Operator **Smart Loopcut** (replaced with a keymap to the original Loopcut with `release_confirm` enabled)


## v0.2.0
*(29/Nov/2021)*

### Added
- Operator **Delete and Grid Fill** combines Delete Faces and Fill Grid into a single operator. This new operator appears in the [X] (delete) panel automatically.
- **TAB History** is now exposed to users in the addon preferences
- HDRIS, Studio Lights, and Themes to the resources you can install along with MATCAPS.
- Keymap Override **Allow Gizmo Click**. Activate gizmos the instance you click on them instead of waiting for a [MOUSEDRAG] event.
- [D] keymap for switching objects in sculpt mode.
- [F] keymap for sculpt mode with confirm on release Enabled.
- [SHIFT][F] keymap for sculpt mode with confirm on release Enabled.

### Changed
- **Maya Cube** primitive is now a modal and allows adding segments with [MOUSESCROLL].
- **Armored Focus** is now bound to the F key again when **Operator Keymaps** are enabled.
- **Armored Focus** operator was simplified and performance was increased.
- [ALT+E] now activates **Extrude along normals** when **Operator Keymaps** are enabled instead of displaying the extrude menu.
- Updated the **Armored Colony** theme preset to be more consistent (red UI highlights have black text whenever possible).
- Added, Polished and even Removed a poop ton of addon code.


## v0.1.3
*(16/Jul/2021)*

### Added
- Keymap Override: **Focus with F** creates all the necessary keymaps 'fit view to selection' can also be done with F and not just NUMPAD_PERIOD (works for most of the main spaces such as Viewport, Outliner, Geometry Nodes, etc).
- Operator: **Set Custom Orientation** creates a temporaty orientation based on your selection, running the script from an empty area of the viewport goes back to Global pivot orientation (bound to D if **Operator Shurtcuts** is enabled).

### Changed
- Operator: Toggle Transform now goes back to the previous tool instead of defaulting to Box Select.
- Operator: Toggle Transform (renamed to Toggle) now toggles any tool with the input **idname** when creating a custom KMI.
- Customize: System preferences now load once with a button instead of being a toggle, preventing my preferences from overriding the user's preferences un.expectedly.
- All properties in the addon preferences have more detailed descriptions of what they do/enable--but no video links yet--.
- Plus some minor operator edits I can't recall.

### Fixed
- `load_post` events being managed incorrectly caused some user preferences to reset unexpectedly.


## v0.1.2
*(06/Jul/2021)*
- BUGFIX: Addon was deleting default blender matcaps LMAO, but only with certain custom builds (99.99% of users were unnafected).


## v0.1.1
*(04/Jul/2021)*
- BUGFIX: Resource paths were NOT being created when needed, preventing the addon from being enabled.


## v0.1.0
*(03/Jul/2021)*
- FIRST PUBLIC RELEASE.
